anyone that knows me knows that one of
my primary passions in life is driving
my aunt chippie crazy since I was a kid
my cousin Sal and I we pulled so many
pranks on her and I'm at this point I'm
worried she will catch on so now we
tried to target her in places she'd
never suspect so my aunt should be she
lives in Las Vegas she goes to a
ceramics class every week at the Senior
Center down the block from her house
they paint plates and they talk and she
loves it which is why I decided to
infiltrate and ruin it so we enlisted an
actor an older gentleman he used to be a
wrestlers names gene LeBell we told gene
to pose as a new member of the class
there are all women of the class except
for gene and we had cousin Sal
instructing him behind the scenes and
here's what happened when my aunt chippy
does ceramics with a crazy person
okay chippies here everybody roll please
it's gonna be good listen ladies I want
to tell you I have we have a new student
it's a guy Oh try to be nice to him
because he's somebody's uncle he's just
a little hard to get along with this
what they told me chippie you gotta be
nice sandy we're sending Gina
use either concepts or um easy stroke
hello good morning
I'm sandy I'm the instructor I'm Jean
Prescott the third I'm Jean Prescott the
third okay Trey everybody is happy
everybody's in a good mood so enjoy good
for you okay he's gonna make something
for his grandchild how about an elephant
will that work for you look I'm making a
platter for my son-in-law look that nice
does am stand for mediocre M for
mediocre hey you gotta be very nice in
this place because we're very fussy
about who we have here
everybody likes to laugh you don't seem
to realize my nephew who he is he's a
county commissioner good feel I don't
care
a.m. can you do me a favor tell that
woman over there that I don't care for
Obama she really don't get me whether
you care with your donkey I am not talk
with you discuss politics or religion
here that I mentioned that my nephew a
county commissioner yes I think we need
a song okay time to sing Rosa here we go
oh for God's sake no singing hey Oh kind
of sing a song every single Monday and
we're gonna hear this song not this
Monday show you mountains on a property
I said this yeah
you're gonna have to learn some manners
you smell like smoke are you smoking
yeah let me ask you something those
fingers smell like smoke you smoke yeah
you blow some up your ass you were ready
hey let me tell you something lady
smoking's a sign of emotional immaturity
your personality needs a cigarette and
maybe a drink too about me worry about
yourself you're nasty
you're rude and you have no friends
imagine having to live with that yeah 35
years with me he was happy he died happy
suicide suicide murder
I killed him repelling me right now
you want to pull out your sardines now
yeah plug Papa sardine ru sardines time
let me give you a sour Dean here No
thank you no have a shower Dean thanks
just put a sardine on her plate stop
playing hard to get
you're welcome you're welcome
very rude don't do that again
if you don't realize my name is Jean
Prescott the third is daddy here in a
minute I am gonna throw your ass out of
here if you don't act like a gentleman
and behave yourself do you hear me I
can't hear you have my little dance I'm
gonna get the flask out and drink
margarita mix Oh
got a piss pot over here we're coming
elephant hey you know when I'm bored
with this dumb elephant I'll throw it
off the table behind you I through with
this elephant start taking your pants
off
don't take your pants off just like you
can for some degree all right I'm coming
I'm coming in number three I don't get
me to get pneumonia and die right here
we're not taking your pants off
these fans are too wet uncle Jean I
brought your pants there you are there
you go my idea there's everyone good for
you today everybody's nice my my only
place I'm good at Messines you're so
mean to my uncle here
hi internet Watchers Jimmy Kimmel here
subscribe to my youtube channel for all
our latest viral videos and while you're
here don't forget to get in a very
stupid fight in the comment section okay